Student1617159

MUHAMMAD AHZAM AZEEM

Student1612781

MUHAMMAD SHAHZAD

Student1615121

SYED QAID JAMIL

Student1617140

RAYYAN YOUSUF

 

 

Sem-1

 

Welcome to eProjects

 

Dear Student,

 

It gives us immense pleasure to address you about eProjects. This is a new way of learning, which would value add the existing course material that has been provided to you.

 

Kindly find attached the eProject Specification.

In case of any queries do write back to us.

 

Your ProjectAssignment Start date is         18-Feb-2025

Your ProjectAssignment End date is           20-Mar-2025

 

You need to complete your project and submit the following by the end-date.

Submit a video clip demonstrating the working of your Project.
 

Create Single Page Website.
 

Working Application
a.        Source Code

b.        Compiled Code

eProject Report
 

#       eProject Report should comprise-

q      Acknowledgements

q      eProject Synopsis

q      eProject Analysis

q      eProject Design

n       DFD’s

n       FlowCharts

n       Process Diagrams

n       Database Design  Structure

q      Screen Shot’s

q      Source Code with Comments

q      User Guide

q      Developer’s Guide

n       Module Descriptions

 

User Guide means User Manual, it should have details how a user can operate the application.
Developer’s Guide should have detail description of the modules, so that any developer can look into the code and get to know about it through the Developer’s Guide.
 

 

Some of the benefits of eProject are as under -

 

1.    Re-enforcement of Skills happens in the experiential learning process.

2.    A mentor, ensuring that you do not get drifted, constantly guides you.

3.    It gives you a lot of confidence to face an interview as you have worked on a project. You can explain virtually everything on the subject you have learnt.

4.    A nice, final, black, hardbound report adds to you credentials and enhances your job prospects.

 

eProjects is compulsory (Sem-End Project) and is supposed to be done over and above the assignments given in your course books.

 

It is advised that if a student follows the projects and submits assignments he would definitely have an edge over other students.

 

Students need to submit their project report along with working application and source code in the stipulated time.

 

Projects will be evaluated.

 

 

Note Kindly remember each individual student should reply back on this mail to register himself  herself

 

 

ACKNOWLEDGE THIS EMAIL TO CONFIRM YOUR REGISTRATION AND RECEIPT OF EPROJECT SPECIFICATION 

 

Kindly go through the document and get back to us in case of any further queries

 

 

Best Regards,

eProjects

 

Your Suggestion is our Inspiration